what is up guys this is Lindsay Oh
coming at you with the discussion video
today about an old car the very old card
that has recently had some very new
exposure in the game and that is royal
magical library now we're imagica life
is a very old card came out magicians
force in 2003 so it's already 12 years
old and the game as we both know all of
us know has changed significantly since
then but since then there have been a
lot of different decks that have abused
this card mainly Exodia and the magical
explosion otk S&F TKS these are the
decks that seem to abuse this one card
and this card doesn't really have
seemingly in the matter any other usage
this card has always kind of bent as the
years have gone on more of an otk tool
and that is the only thing it's there
for its normal someone's you go off and
then you just keep drawing from it the
most recent decks that are abusing and
the ones that going to be using in the
future barring it doesn't get touched on
the forbidden limited list are ignites
in the next set which is clashing
rebellion and also the chicken race otk
/ ftk which is also in the next step
these decks really focus on abusing
romantica library and being able to
constantly draw cards now you might say
raw magical library is just a tool
that's used much like the upstart
goblins the golden bamboos the bamboo
cursive bamboo all of these cards that
are actually used the spell cards are
also a part of the ftk while that is
true these other cards are used in other
decks and while the golden bamboo and
the bamboo shoot cards only really use
those types of decks you could say well
let's ban them well not necessarily
because they're much more difficult to
pull off because you need two cards to
be able to use it and then you only
break even unless you're activate
another bamboo shoot throw a magical
library in ignites the way if you don't
know what it is the combo is that you
someone raw magical ibrary use someone
your pension but you like to win your
pendulum scales then the other destroy
one loop you basically keep destroying
your pendulum scales searching out
activating again draw sounds off repeat
repeat repeat until you basically have a
full extra deck until you're basically
draw an half your deck you've got a full
extra day
of pendulums and then you decide to go
in for game by making various plays cod
is in my opinion a prime example of a
cards and a card design that is aged
badly I'm not badly in the others card
is now terrible this card was once not
really that good in the sense that you
didn't really get it affect off all that
much and as the years have gone on and
those of more spells have come out and
mod roaring spells and really deck
thinning spells have come out this card
is just going stronger and stronger when
a lot of people are calling for it to be
banned and I kind of have mixed emotions
about it because yes it does really
facilitate these horrible type of decks
these ftk decks these otk decks and some
really disgusting place especially with
ignites but at the same time it's such a
dead card at times to draw especially if
you playing multiples of three and you
end up during one off the effect it's
just so horrible but if I'm honest would
I rather have the card out of the game
then run the risk of having a format
that is turboed off that one cards I
would rather it be banned or even
limited because if you draw the one then
great good for you but the problem with
the card is simply the fact that if they
go first and you don't have something
like a fake veil or L love orange lie or
whatever then you're just going to sit
back and watch them play solitaire with
themselves which is never fun so one of
our you guys think overall much kalai we
do you think you should be banned or do
you think it's just something that is a
big huff and puff and just a lot of hot
air so as I said let me know down in the
comments section below like and
subscribe and I should catch you guys
later